[DOCFIX] Update rocksdb metastore doc (#13855)
Alluxio/alluxio: docs/en/operation/Metastore.md

The ROCKS metastore uses a mixture of memory and disk. Metadata eventually gets
written to disk, but a large, in-memory cache stores recently-accessed metadata. The
cache buffers writes, asynchronously flushing them to RocksDB as the cache fills up.
The default cache size is dynamically set to be (JVM Heap size / 4KB).

> In the default configuration of 8GB heap size, we will cache 2 million inodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the default configuration of 8GB heap size, Alluxio master will cache 2 million inodes.
```

* `alluxio.master.metastore.dir`: A local directory for writing RocksDB data.
Default: `${work_dir}/metastore`
* `alluxio.master.metastore.inode.cache.max.size`: A hard limit on the number of entries in the on-heap inode cache.
Increase this to improve performance if you have spare master memory. 
The default value for this configuration is dynamically set to be (JVM Heap size / 4KB).

> For example, when xmx setting is set to the default 8GB, we will cache 2 million inodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when xmx setting is set to the default 8GB, Alluxio master will cache 2 million inodes.
```
